Just release the building quickly.
Hello Mrs. President of Scrutiny.
Today I have prepared two reviews.
That, that, that. This is how you, the wife of a CEO, should behave.
That night? Thank you Brother Liu in advance.
You can think clearly. Do you really think that you will be saved if you believe it?
He would be a little bit. Brother's business. Don't worry.
don’t worry. Just yourself.
Far away, here I come
Don't be afraid, be brave
Who are you?
Are you the little swordman’s liar?
I want to play for a few days
You make it easy for me, brother, to deal with you.
Then you are rebelling against the country
Did they do anything to you?
take them all
Still want to survive
Mr. I want to live
What do I want you to do after entering?
I also gave him these hairpins.
Help me find a pattern brother
Before twelve o'clock tonight
I must receive the video you recorded